[Music]
that's not what we want is it today's
digital cameras do a lot for us but
there's no replacement for the human eye
it's important to learn how cameras work
with light to create an image that way
we'll know what's going on when it's
time to capture a moment there are three
variables that determine if you're
getting the right amount of light for
the correct exposure with a manual
camera we're able to change any of the
variables ourselves different settings
can result in really different pictures
let's look at the process together first
see this here this is the aperture it's
the hole that light passes through if we
make the aperture big we'll have more
light true but the sharpness of your
photo will decrease very quickly from
your focus point backward and forward
this is what we call shallow depth of
field if we have a very small aperture
we'll have less light but a deeper depth
of field for portraits it can be nice to
have a sharp figure separate from a
somewhat blurry background so I would
suggest a large aperture aperture is
measured in f-stops this can get a
little confusing because lower numbers
mean bigger apertures and higher numbers
means smaller apertures next their
shutter speed to think about the shutter
acts like a curtain that covers the
sensor and it only opens when you
release the shutter button if we want
less light we open the shutter for a
shorter time if we want more light we
open it for a longer time but we run the
risk of getting a motion blurred picture
the speed is measured in seconds and
fractions of seconds for shooting sports
or anything with a lot of movement will
need faster speeds for taking awesome
night landscapes longer exposures will
be better but we'll need a tripod to
steady the shot and prevent motion blur
another cool thing we can do with light
exposures is light painting drawing in
the dark with a torch or the light of a
cell phone
lastly ISO sensitivity controls how
sensitive the sensor is to light if we
use low sensitivity we'll need more
light to register a photo with a higher
sensitivity we'll be able to get a
picture with less available light 100
ISO is a low sensitivity while 6400 ISO
is a high one
if we increase sensitivity we'll be able
to use faster speeds and smaller
apertures but we'll get noisier images
good thing we have something to tell us
if we're getting the correct amount of
light to get a good exposure the light
meter sound good to you now it's time to
get out there and practice taking
pictures under different conditions so
you know what to do any time you want to
take the best picture
you